Make some sections easier to read. (#541)
mlswg/mls-protocol: draft-ietf-mls-protocol.md

These effects are described in their respective subsections of {{proposals}}.
The following general rules apply:

> * The `group_id` and `extensions` fields are constant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `group_id` field is constant.
* The `extensions` field is updated whenever a GroupContextExtensions proposal is committed.
```

(And the `extensions` part should go lower down.)

Reviewer: Will handle this in a small follow-on.
